Prepare for 0.11.2 (#1118)
microsoft/vscode-react-native: CHANGELOG.md

## 0.11.2

> * Fixed `Attach to packager` debugging issue when using Haul packager [#1108](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/1108)

Author: ```suggestion
* Fixed `Attach to packager` debugging issue when Haul packager is being used [#1108](https://github.com/microsoft/vscode-react-native/issues/1108)
```
